---
layout: post
title: Introduction.
author: not deadrat's girlfriend
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">01 Jan 1901 - Small town in Tamil Nadu</p>

##### deadrat ( not Deadrat ) is a worthless piece of shit. 

deadrat was born to a lovely family of stupid gits. I don't see how the date or place of his birth might be beneficial to you, so let us not get into that. His father toiled for his entire life but since he is a git, his *midlife crisis* fucked his family so hard. I would like to use a **Yo momma** joke to describe deadrat's mother. deadrat's momma is so poor that when she goes to KFC she has lick other's fingers; only that she never went to KFC. I 'm serious. A day's meal for his entire family doesn't cost as much as a single McDonald's burger. Most of restaurant chains such as McDonald's that opened up in India are more of an imported luxury rather than a economical fast food restaurant. I really don't wanna talk about deadrat's brother because I hate to offend lunatics.
*deadrat* was a prodigy, they say. But I didn't knew him well during his early days, so I cannot comment on it. But due to his past deeds, he ended up enrolling to **Aeronautical Engineering** in a shithole run by some serious mother fuckers. He couldn't fit in there and eventually he was kicked out of college during final year of the four years course. Apparently, students are not allowed to posses *Cannabis indica* when in college hostels. I was really shocked to learn that deadrat did substance abuse. Ever since then he is working for the legalization of Marijuana, but he doesn't take it anymore. According to his argument, marijuana is [less addictive than coffee](http://www.drugsense.org/tfy/addictvn.htm) and [it is not as harmful as other rich people's drugs like alcohol or tobacco](http://www.economist.com/blogs/dailychart/2010/11/drugs_cause_most_harm). 
I actually support him in that. I have never been *stoned* but by looking at deadrat's experience, I can say that *smoking pot* gives good night sleep. deadrat suffers from chronic pain due to an accident that happened years before and he has trouble getting sleep because of that. Cannabis works way better than many allopathic medicines in alleviating the pain and in giving good sleep. 

I 'll let him bore you with the details later. And I have to tell something about me. deadrat wanted to start this new blog for a really long time, but he has a starting trouble everywhere even in bed. I am not his **gf**, but I 've heard that he needs a *fellatio* to get started. 


If you are offended by any of deadrat's posts, please [click here](https://encyclopediadramatica.se/Offended) and we will rectify your situation. 
